# Meeting Minutes

*6 October 2014*

The meeting was called to order at 1809 hrs by President John
Montalbano. A quorum was present including John Montalbano KH6JMM;
Elaine Albertson AH6TA; Ruth Montalbano KH7RAM; Jane Goldsmith NH7TZ;
Gavin Reid KH7DT; Scott Robeson WH6EMD; Greg Askew WH6ENN; Ed Pagaduan
KH6EZ; James Tanizaki WH6EEK; Tim Dysinger AH6TE; Ron Crown KH6JI;
Jerry Hill KH6HU; Dick Olsen KH6DO; Michelle Blake WH7XA; Steve
Thatcher WH7DQP; and Richard Etzel WH6DTV.

There were positive reports presented re the Science Show, and the
VOAD meeting.  John KH6JMM opened nominations for officers for 2015,
with the following noted:

Activities Director - Tim Dysinger AH6TE

Secretary - Michelle Blake WH7XA

Treasurer - Dick Olsen KH6DO

Vice President - Steve Thatcher WH7DQP

Dick KH6DO presented the Treasurer's Report; Elaine AH6TA moved to
accept; Jerry KH6HU seconded; passed.

Ron Crown presented a PowerPoint on the Mt. Kahili transmitter
location, and on the fixes employed for the RFI. It was noted that
moving the KARC antenna made a significant improvement. Ron reported
on plans to upgrade the Waimea location. He also requested to sell old
KARC gear to help finance a new controller. Jerry KH6HU moved to
authorize the sale; Michelle WH7XA seconded; passed.

Steve presented an Activities report, including discussion on
replacing the HT for the Fox Hunt (the present one died). The changed
date will be discussed at the next meeting.

There was discussion on a J-pole workshop; Tim, Steve, and Randy to
facilitate.  Wednesday October 15th at 1730 hrs was announced as the
MRC training at the Hawaiian Church in Kapa`a.

The Christmas Party date was set for the first Saturday in December
(6th), to begin at 1700 and with dinner at 1800. It was noted we
needed to provide more drinks and pupus. Gift limit same as before at
$10. Location at Ron Crown's home; bring your own pupus.

John adjourned the meeting at 1935 hrs.

Respectfully,

/s/ Elaine Albertson AH6TA

Secretary
