# Meeting Minutes

*August 4, 2014*

The meeting was called to order by President John Montalbano, KH6JMM,
at 6:00 p.m. at the KIUC conference room, with an announcement that
two hurricanes are headed toward Hawaii for a one-two punch. Emergency
preparedness is underway and additional information will be supplied
later in the meeting.

Attending were: John Montalbano KH6JMM, Ruth Montalbano KH7RAM, Gavin
Reid WH6ENU, John Leekley WB9SMM, Kurt Momohara NH6WZ, Jane Goldsmith
NH7TZ, Tad Miura NH7YS, Ron Crown KH6JI, Randy Blake WH7ZI, Michelle
Blake WH7XA, Steve Thatcher WH6DZP, Glenda Delenstarr WH6EMG, and
Edward Pagaduan KH6EZ.

Secretary’s Report: The minutes of the previous meeting were
reviewed. Tad Miura motioned for approval, Jane Goldsmith seconded the
motion. Minutes were approved.

Treasurer’s Report: A motion was made by Michelle Blake and seconded
by Jane Goldsmith to make a $50 donation to the Nawilili Yacht Club
for the use of their facilities for Field Day. Motion was approved.

Repeater Report: Ron Crown reported that after four trips to Kahili
with KKCR, the repeater is working.  Since he was authorized expenses
for helicopter transportation if necessary and he was able to get free
rides from KKCR, he purchased a 440 Repeater for Wilcox for $599. He
asked for reimbursement for that cost to upgrade the Wilcox station. A
motion for reimbursement was made by Tad Miura and seconded by John
Leekley, then passed.

Activities Director Report: Steve Thatcher talked about his efforts
where he made several simplex contacts from “Activated Peaks” on the
island. He said it is a fun project that combines hiking and HAM radio
contacts.

A brief conversation was held regarding a Fox Hunt being scheduled for
October 25th. Michelle offered that she would be the fox again,
however this time the fox unit would be placed separately from the
caretaker so the chasers would not just locate the vehicle, but have
to actually locate the fox and log in.

The Broadband Ham Net training at KIUC was a success and enjoyed by
those who attended.

It was requested that another antenna making class be coordinated for
new members. Several types of antennas and associated supplies were
discussed. This activity will be scheduled for the near future.

PSC Report: Randy Blake reported on the latest hurricane
status. Iselle is now an F4 hurricane headed toward Hawaii. They
expect the storm to slow and hopefully breakup once it hits the
mountains of the Big Island. It is scheduled to hit the Big Island at
2 p.m. Thursday (Aug 7th) and reach Kaua’i around 7 a.m. on Friday
(Aug 8th). The HAM operators will activate a net when the warning is
issued.

Old Business: the next Ham test and study session is scheduled for
September 6, 2014 at KIUC.  Randy reported on the contract with
Medical Reserve Corp. Equipment is in and he requested a few people to
help with a programming session. Club Shirts: Jane has club shirts
available in a variety of styles and sizes. Please contact her if you
wish to purchase any.

New Business: The Kaua’i Amateur Radio Club now has a post office
box. The address is P.O. Box 3614,

Lihue, HI 96766-3614. The treasurer was asked to make the change of
address with the FCC.

Tim AH6TE, is now working on a new club website. The address is
www.KH6E.org, however the old website address will link to the new
site.

At 7:25 p.m. the rubber chicken squawked the meeting into adjournment.

/s/

Ruth A Montalbano KH7RAM

Filling in for Elaine Albertson AH6TA
