# FCC License Exams on Kaua'i

KARC has a team of volunteer FCC license examiners, offering you the
opportunity to get your ham radio license, or upgrade your existing
license, without having to travel. Exams are offered about every three
months.

Morse code is no longer a requirement to get a license. KARC no longer
offers the day-long study session on exam day, but does instead offer
free downloads for each of the FCC question pools which are used to
study for exams. There are other suggestions for study aids as
well. We are also available at the site on exam day from noon until
the exam time to assist with questions, cramming, etc.

### Register for the Exam

We no longer ask you to fill out a form. Please e-mail
[KARC Ham Exams](mailto:hamexams@kauaimail.net?subject=Registration)
providing your full legal name, call sign (if you already have one),
contact phone, class of license you're wanting to sit for, and if you
have any disability consideration which we may need to accommodate. We
can accept a registration in this manner until 1800 hrs on the day
preceding the exam if you need a significant accommodation, please
advise us as soon as possible so we can make any necessary
arrangements. You will receive a return e-mail with complete and
specific instructions regarding the exam, cost ($14 â€“ paid on exam
day, cash only), and location (it changes occasionally). Exams begin
at 1500 hrs and take about an hour, but there is no time limit.

We cannot accept walk-ins. You must pre-register. This is because we
have to prepare documents for each examinee on the evening preceding
the exam day. To do so at the exam would drain valuable time from
other examinees, and from our volunteer examiners.
