# A Message From The Kauai Amateur Radio Club President

Aloha!  I want to welcome you to beautiful Kauai, and the Kauai
Amateur Radio Club Web Page.  We are a lively group of amateur radio
operators who have a common interest in all aspects of amateur radio
operation.  Our web page lists many of the activities in which we're
currently involved, and interesting historical information
demonstrating the critical services we provide when disaster
strikes. All interested visitors are invited to attend our monthly
club meetings and other functions.  The time and place is listed on
this web site.  Licensed hams are also encouraged to participate in
our regular Monday Night Net, each Monday evening at 8:00 p.m. on
146.92 MHz, or its linked repeaters, 147.080 MHz or 146.70 MHz.  The
Club also participates in the Saturday Morning Breakfast gathering.
We eagerly invite any visitors to join us to “Talk Story”.  Spouses
and families are also welcome. The Kauai ARC offers license-testing
sessions each quarter.  If you are interested in obtaining an FCC
Amateur Radio License, contact John Montalbano at KH6JMM@HAWAII.RR.COM
and we will provide you with the latest information on where and when
the next testing session will be. Again, Aloha and welcome to Kauai.
Visiting hams, please give us a call on our repeaters and let us enjoy
a QSO while you visit our island.  We enjoy helping our visitors to
enjoy our beautiful island.

73’s

John M. Montalbano

KH6JMM
