# Turkey Trot

Aloha Amateurs,

Each year, amateur radio operators provide volunteer support to the
Kauai Path organization at their Turkey Trot event.  The Turkey Trot
is a free 5K/10K fun walk, run, and bike event that takes place on
Thanksgiving morning on the Ke Ala Hele Makalae Kapaa bike path.  This
popular activity attracts several hundred Kauai residents and visitors
as a fun way to kick start the Thanksgiving day.  Amateur operators
show up at 7 am for a briefing prior to the 7:30 am start, and the
event usually over by about 9:30 am.

This year, I was thinking of possibly incorporating an educational
piece into our communication activities at the Turkey Trot.  We have
garnered quite a bit of new hams lately, and this event may be a good
way to introduce them to public service communication and encourage
their involvement on amateur radio.  We could have several group
leaders serving at various locations with the amateurs choosing where
they would prefer to be stationed.  The leaders, when not actually
transmitting, could speak to their group on amateur radio as it
applies to their station.  I have some examples of what this operation
could be below.  Please note, none of the individuals mentioned are
aware of this, I am using them as examples only.

- Tim Dysinger, AH6TE, Net Control Station (NCS)

  Individuals interested in knowing more about being a net control
  station would be assigned to Tim.

- Michelle Blake, WH6XA, 5K Turnaround

  Michelle could demonstrate proper radio operation and the differences
  in signal propagation using better antennas.

- John, KH6JMM, and Ruth KH7RAM Montalbano, Start Line

  John and Ruth would explain to their group the aspects of using a
  base station (their car radio or portable mobile radio) and its
  advantages.

- John Leekley, WB9SMM, Cross-Band Repeating

  John would be demonstrating the use of a mobile radio doing
  cross-band repeating in conjunction with a handheld radio.

- Tad, NH7YS, Bicycle Mobile

  Tad could demonstrate the use of amateur radio while bicycle mobile.


Please let me know if you have any suggestions on amateur radio
operation for Turkey Trot 2014, or would like to participate in any
way.

Aloha,
Tad, NH7YS

<div class="row text-center">
  ![Flyer](assets/img/turkey_trot.jpg)
</div>
